NEXT-25714 - New DocumentRenderer documentation (#901)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/checkout/document/add-custom-document-type.md

                    ],
                    $context,
                    $order->getSalesChannelId(),
                    $order->getLanguageId(),
                    $locale->getCode()
                );

                $doc = new RenderedDocument(
                    $html,
                    $number,
                    $config->buildName(),
                    $operation->getFileType(),
                    $config->jsonSerialize(),
                );

                $result->addSuccess($orderId, $doc);
            } catch (\Throwable $exception) {
                $result->addError($orderId, $exception);
            }
        }

        return $result;
    }

    public function getDecorated(): AbstractDocumentRenderer
    {
        throw new DecorationPatternException(self::class);
    }

    private function getNumber(Context $context, OrderEntity $order, DocumentGenerateOperation $operation): string
    {
        return $this->numberRangeValueGenerator->getValue(
            'document_' . self::TYPE,
            $context,
            $order->getSalesChannelId(),
            $operation->isPreview()
        );
    }
}
```

{% endcode %}

> First we're injecting the `rootDir` of the Shopware installation into our renderer, since we'll need that for rendering our template, and the `DocumentTemplateRenderer`, which will do the template rendering. We also inject `orderRepository` to get all order entity by list of order's id, `documentConfigLoader` to load the document configuration and `numberRangeValueGenerator` to get the document number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we are injecting the `rootDir` of the Shopware installation into our renderer since we will need that for rendering our template, and the `DocumentTemplateRenderer`, which will do the template rendering. We also inject `orderRepository` to get all order entities by list of order's id, `documentConfigLoader` to load the document configuration and `numberRangeValueGenerator` to get the document number
```

The `supports` method just returns the string "example", which is the technical name of our new document type.

Now let's have a look at the `render` method. This function contains three parameters:

> * $operations: An array of `DocumentGenerateOperation` objects.
> * $context: A Context object.
> * $rendererConfig: A `DocumentRendererConfig` object, so we can add additional configuration later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$operations`: An array of `DocumentGenerateOperation` objects.
* `$context`: A Context object.
* `$rendererConfig`: A `DocumentRendererConfig` object, so we can add additional configuration later.
```

The function returns a `RendererResult` object.
Here's what the function does:

> * It creates an array `$ids` which is populated with the `orderId` of each `DocumentGenerateOperation` object in $operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It creates an array of `$ids`, which is populated with the `orderId` of each `DocumentGenerateOperation` object in $operations.
```

* If `$ids` is empty, the function returns an empty `RendererResult` object.
* A search is performed on the order repository to find all orders by `$ids`.
* For each order found, the function attempts to generate a document.
* If successful, a new `RenderedDocument` object is created. This object is then added to the `RendererResult` object as a success.

> * If an error occurs, an exception is caught, error message are added to the `RendererResult` object as an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If an error occurs, the exception is caught and the error message is added to the `RendererResult` object as an error.
```

* `The RendererResult` object is returned.

> In this example we're rendering a specific template, which we will have a short look at in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we are rendering a specific template, which we will have a look at in the next section.
```

## Adding a number range

> You're almost done here. You've got a new document type in the database, a renderer for your new document type, and it even uses a custom template. However, you also need to add a new number range for your documents, otherwise a new number for your documents wouldn't be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are almost done here. You have a new document type in the database, a renderer for your new document type, and it even uses a custom template. However, you also need to add a new number range for your documents; otherwise, a new number wouldn't be generated for your documents.
```

> And that's it now! You've just created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And that's it now. You Have just created:
```
